subclause
QP
degree
ellipsis
deletion
contrast
adjective
DegP
overtness
DP
clausal
verb
subcomparative
NumP
predication
VP
complementiser
determiner
gradability
AP
PredP
FP
adverb
sluicing
modifier
modification
gapping
particle
TP
CP
extraposition
PF
LF
PP
uninterpretability
proform
extraction
TopP
AgrSP
spell-out
predicate
markedness
copula
operator
movement
quantifier
pronoun
recoverability
topic
topicalisation
tense
vP
noun
preposition
equality
inequality
NP
copy
edge
agreement
feature
degree expression
nominal expression
predicative adjective
attributive adjective
comparative clause
Comparative Deletion
matrix clause
Overtness Requirement
comparative operator
clausal comparative
phrasal comparative
superlative degree
periphrastic comparative
morphological comparative
gradable adjective
non-gradable adjective
interrogative clause
interrogative operator
uninterpretable feature
extractable operator
selectional restriction
Intonational Phrase
postnominal modifier
functional head
base position
movement chain
ellipsis domain
Attributive Comparative Deletion
comparative degree
degree head
finite verb
main stress
degree element
overt operator
degree morpheme
relative operator
multiple wh-fronting
operator position
rightward movement
lexical material
degree marker
comparative complement
left periphery
operator movement
subordinate clause
dummy auxiliary
adjectival expression
attributive modification
sentential stress
functional projection
word order
attributive position
contrast position
nuclear stress
information structure
functional verb
lexical verb
covert operator
predicative position
linear deletion
indefinite article
accusative case
verb movement
zero operator
topic position
absolute degree
definite article
relative clause
right edge
syntax-prosody mapping
feature percolation
Comparative Subdeletion
island violation
attributive adjective
comparative morpheme
postverbal position
gradable predicate
preverbal position
covert movement
relative pronoun
left edge